Changed product overview and project overview pages (#133)
ai-cfia/ai-cfia-ia-acia.github.io: docs/products/products.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

import HomepageFeatures from '@site/src/components/HomepageFeatures';

# Products

> Our products are intelligently crafted solutions designed to address the
> specific needs of our users. Accessible and user-friendly, these offerings are
> underpinned by artificial intelligence technology. We are committed to an
> iterative process of enhancement, incorporating valuable user feedback to refine
> and advance our products continually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our products are designed to meet the specific needs of CFIA staff, focusing on accessibility and ease of use, supported by artificial intelligence technology. We develop innovative solutions to enhance their efficiency and effectiveness in their roles, continuously improving our products based on their feedback.
```

Reviewer: Thoughts?

Author: That's perfect 👌 
If you could just use Rewrap to align the text with Ctrl + Q
(Otherwise I can do it )
